feat(installed qgis): add qgis-installation-finder job (#464)
Guts/qgis-deployment-cli: docs/jobs/qgis_installation_finder.md

# QGIS installation finder

> Use this job to find installed QGIS version for automatic definition of QDT environnement variable `QDT_QGIS_EXE_PATH` needed for shortcut creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this job to find installed QGIS version for automatic definition of QDT environnement variable `QDT_QGIS_EXE_PATH` (used for shortcut creation).
```

----

## Compatibility

This job is compatible with:

- Windows
- Linux

----

## Use it

Sample job configuration in your scenario file:

```yaml
- name: Find installed QGIS
  uses: qgis-installation-finder
  with:
    version_priority:

>       - "3.36"

Reviewer: It would be nice to have the ability to defined the preferred version in environment variable: `QDT_PREFERRED_QGIS_VERSION`. Can be added in a next PR.

    if_not_found: error
```

----

## Options

### version_priority

> Multiple versions of QGIS can be installed on Windows.
> 
> This option is used to specify the preferred QGIS version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since multiple versions of QGIS can be easily installed on Windows, this option is used to specify the preferred QGIS version.
```

> For example if you define :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example if you define:
```

```yaml
- name: Find installed QGIS
  uses: qgis-installation-finder
  with:
    version_priority:
      - "3.34"
      - "3.36"
```

QDT will first use 3.34.z versions. If none are available it will use 3.36.z versions.

If multiple 3.34.z versions are available, the latest will be used. For example if 3.34.1 and 3.34.5 version are available, 3.34.5 will be used.

> If no version from version_priority` is available, it will use the latest found version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any version of `version_priority` is available, then the most recent version found is used.
```

### if_not_found

This option determines the action to be taken if QGIS is not found during the search process.

Possible_values:

- `warning` (_default_): if no version found, a warning is displayed in QDT logs

> - `error`: if no version found, QDT stop and the other jobs are not run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `error`: if no version found, QDT stops and the other jobs are not run
```

----

## How does it work

> On Linux, QDT locate installed QGIS with `which`command.
> 
> On Windows QDT try to locate installed versions in the current directories :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux, QDT locates installed QGIS with `which` command.  
On Windows QDT tries to locate installed versions in the following directories:
```

- `%PROGRAMFILES%\\QGIS x.y.z\\bin\`
- `%QDT_OSGEO4W_INSTALL_DIR%` (default value : `C:\\OSGeo4W`)

> By default, the latest version found is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the most recent version found is used.
```
